[docs] revise iOS permissions for calendar access (#47582)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/calendar.mdx

If you're not using Continuous Native Generation ([CNG](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/)) (you're using native **ios** project manually), then you need to configure following permissions in your native project:

- For iOS, add the following keys to your project's **ios/[app]/Info.plist**:

>   > **warning** On iOS 17+, the app will crash on startup if these keys are missing. The module checks for these permissions during initialization, not just when calendar methods are called.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **correctness** `packages/expo-calendar/ios/Requesters/RemindersPermissionsRequester.swift`

The crash is gone from the SDK this file documents. `RCTFatal(MissingCalendarPListValueException(...))` exists only up to the sdk-55 branch and was removed by #44967 for SDK 56, so on main a missing key makes `getPermissions()` return `denied` instead: the app starts, and the calls that need the permission fail. Reword the callout around denied permissions, and keep the crash warning for the SDK versions where it still applies.

---

✏️ **style** `prose.md#voice-and-tone`

"the app will crash" is future tense. Docs describe behavior in the present, so write what happens now rather than what will happen.

```suggestion
  > **warning** On iOS 17 and later, `expo-calendar` reports calendar and reminders permissions as denied when the matching full access key is missing, so any call that needs them fails. The module reads these keys when it initializes, not only when you call a calendar method.
```

<!-- docs-review -->

>   **For full calendar and reminders access:**

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `mechanics.md#file-and-directory-names-in-bold`

Bold marks file and directory names on these pages, so a bold line reads as one rather than as a heading. Fold it into the sentence that introduces the block, such as "For full calendar and reminders access, add:", and do the same for `**For write-only calendar access (iOS 17+):**` below.

<!-- docs-review -->

        "A message that tells the user why the app is requesting write-only access to the user's calendar data.",
    },
    'NSRemindersUsageDescription',
    {
      name: 'NSRemindersFullAccessUsageDescription',
      description:

>         "A message that tells the user why the app is requesting full access to the user's reminders data. Required on iOS 17+.",

Reviewer: 💡 **nit** `mechanics.md#sdk-version-ranges`

Write "Required on iOS 17 and later when your app accesses reminders", since the docs spell version ranges out rather than using `+`, and the `NSCalendarsFullAccessUsageDescription` entry above carries no unconditional requirement note.

<!-- docs-review -->
